I'm here to talk about success right
the first rule of success is to have a
vision you see if you don't have a
vision of where you go and if you don't
have a goal where you go you drift
around and you never end up anywhere
it's like you can have the best ship in
the world
you can have the best airplane in the
world if the pilot or the captain
doesn't know where to go
it would just drift around he would not
end up anywhere almost like in the wrong
place so I was very fortunate did I
stumble onto my vision I mean as you
know I was born in 1947 in Austria after
the Second World War and I didn't really
like Austria grew up I couldn't
wait to get out of there I couldn't see
myself becoming a farmer or a worker in
a factory or anything like that even
though my parents wanted me to stay
there and have a normal life my father
wanted me to become a police officer
like he was my mother wanted me just to
stay there and marry a girl in the name
of Heidi hopefully and have a bunch of
kids and run around like the Von Trapp
family in The Sound of Music but that
was their vision not mine my vision was
totally different I felt that I was born
for something special for something
unique for something big didn't know how
great it felt that I knew where I was
going
imagine the majority of people don't
know where they're going
it's when you have a goal when you have
a vision everything becomes easy
because remember that in America for
instance when you study you will see the
percentage of people did like their jobs
74% hate their job in America
now there is not much different when you
come to Europe the majority of people
don't like what they're doing because
they're really not doing it because they
didn't have a goal and they'd followed
this goal they're just aimlessly drift
around and then over said and if there's
a job opening so they get their job
because if the world but then when you
grow it's a joy it's work it's not fun
so if you think about only a quarter of
the people really enjoy what they're
doing in life that is unbelievable if
you think about it so I felt so blessed
that I knew what I was doing it's like a
medical student said studies and knows
he wants to become a doctor you know
where to go
so I know where to go so people always
ask me when they saw me in the gym in
the pumping iron days you say why is it
that you're working out so hard five
hours a day six hours a day and you have
always a smile in your face the others
are working out just as hard as you do
and then look sour in the face why is
that in the told people all the time is
it because to me I am shooting for gold
in front of mr. mr. Universe title
so every rep that I do gets me closer to
accomplishing the goal to make this call
this vision turn into reality every
single set that I do every repetition
every weight that I live will get my
step closer to turned his goal into
reality
so I couldn't wait to do another 500
pound squat I couldn't wait it to
another 500 pound bench press I couldn't
wait to do another 2,000 reps of sit-ups
I couldn't wait for the next exercise
for the next half hour posing and all
the kind of things that you have to do
you'll be a champion and with the age of
20 with the age of 20 I went to London
and I won the Mr Universe contest as the
youngest mr. universe ever and it was
because I had a goal so let me tell you
something visualizing your goal and
going after it makes it fun you got to
have a purpose no matter what you do in
life you got to have a purpose so that's
rule number one
have a vision rule number two is don't
listen to the naysayers don't listen to
the naysayers everything I ever did the
thing that they heard out of people's
mouths was that's impossible that can't
be done Oh No so whenever someone said
to me it can't be done I heard it can be
done when they said no I heard yes and
when they said it's impossible I heard
it is possible I'm a strong believer
what Nelson Mandela said that everything
is always impossible until someone does
it
well I'm gonna be the one that said to
myself I'm gonna do it and I'm gonna
show it to them maybe it has never been
done before that's perfectly fine with
me but I am gonna do it and I did not
listen to the naysayers I think the
third point that I'm gonna make to you
is before we sit down with your gun and
talk about the rest of the three is work
your ass off there is no magic bill
there is no magic out there you cannot
get around you have to work and work and
work and it drives me crazy when people
say they don't have enough time to go to
the gym for 45 minutes a day and work
out or do something for 45 minutes to an
hour a day to improve if it is
physically improve of it is mentally to
improve imagine you read one hour a day
about history
how much you will learn after 365 hours
in one year think about if it's study
about the history of musicians of
composers how much you would know
imagine if you who work on the business
and some business that you want to
develop every day for an hour
imagine how further along you will go
and get so it drives me nuts because we
have when people say they don't have the
time we have 24 hours a day we sleep 6
hours a day so that gives you still 18
hours but there's someone shaking the
head out there in front to say probably
I don't sleep 6 hours
I sleep eight hours right or just sleep
faster
so we have 18 hours a day the average
person works around 8 to 10 hours so
let's assume it's 10 hours so if you
have 8 hours left then you travel around
an hour a day maybe 2 hours a day
so now you've still 6 hours left so what
do you do it is 6 hours well you do with
the 6 hours then we eat a little bit and
we schmooze a little bit talk a little
bit the people and all that stuff but
you can see how much time 2 is available
if you organize your day so you got the
work hard I mean let me tell you
something when I went to America I went
to college
I went and worked out five hours a day
and I was working on construction
because in those days in bodybuilding
there was no money we didn't I didn't
have the money for food supplements or
anything so I had to go to work
say we worked on construction I went to
college I worked out in the gym and at
night from 8 o'clock at night to 12
midnight I went to acting class four
times a week say I did all that there
was not one single minute that I wasted
I became very friendly with Muhammad Ali
in the 70s Muhammad Ali worked his butt
off and I saw it firsthand now remember
that there was a sports rider that was
there in the gym when he was working out
and he was doing situps
and they asked him how many sit-ups do
you do and he said I don't start
counting until it hurts now think about
that he doesn't start counting his
setups until they be feels pain that's
when he says counting that is working
hard and so you can't get around the
hardware it doesn't matter who it is so
maverick I believe what Ted Turner said
work like hell and advertise
you get it work like hell go to bed and
early early to rise work like hell and
advertise so you work your ass off and
then you let the world know about your
work that's what it is all about let
people know if you have a company if you
have a movie if you do a sports work
your ass off but then advertise and let
everyone know I hate plan B and I tell
you why because we have so many doubters
as I've said earlier they eat the no
sales we have so many of those people
that say no and you can't do it it's
impossible that is ok because we just
turn off as I said earlier and B's
listen and be here that now being a yes
you can't do it do it you can't do it
and all that so that that is possible to
do that amongst all the negative people
around you but when you start doubting
yourself that's very dangerous because
now what you're basically saying is is
that if my plan doesn't work I have a
fallback plan have a plan B
if that means that you start thinking
about Plan B and every thought that you
put into Plan B you're taking away now
that thought and that energy from
playing a and and it's very important to
understand that we function better if
there is no safety net because Plan B
becomes a safety net it says that if I
fail then afar
and I get picked up and I have something
else there that was they will protect me
and that's not good because people
perform better when there's no safety
net people perform better in sports and
everything else if you don't have a plan
B to me it is very dangerous to have a
plan B because you're cutting yourself
off from the chance of really succeeding
and the reason one of the main reasons
why people want to have a plan B is
because they are worried about failing
what is if I fail then I don't have
anything else well let me tell you
something don't be afraid of failing
because there's nothing wrong with
failing you have to fail in order to
climb that ladder there's no one that
doesn't fail
we all fail it's okay
what is not okay is that when you fail
you stay down whoever stays down is a
loser and winners will fail and get up
fail and get up fail and get up you
always get up that is a winner that is a
winner
hey we all lose
we all have lost us this is okay and
this is why I say don't be worried about
losing because when you're afraid of
losing then you get frozen you get stiff
you're not relaxed you got to be in
order to perform well in anything if
it's in boxing or if it is on your job
or with your thinking is only happening
when you relax so relax it's okay to
fail let's just go all out and give it
everything that you got that's what it
is all about so don't be afraid to fail
this is one of my six rules to success
you can only feel complete as a person
if you think about what can you do for
your fellow member around you that maybe
needs help
I felt like that everyone has a
different motivation why you get into
that I was an immigrant going to America
and I saw how America was the most
generous country in the world I mean
they opened up their arms to me they
helped me they invited me for
Thanksgiving dinner the people they
brought me the bodybuilders in the gym
brought me plates to my apartment
because I had no blade said no
silverware I had no bed where I had no
pillows at the blanket
I had no TV I had no radio I had nothing
they brought it to my apartment
they helped me that's all that firsthand
this generosity in America in the center
myself as an immigrant that is being
embraced with open arms that I need to
go and make sure that I give something
back